The Department of Defense (DoD) has requested visualization and analytics services in expanding its detection of the various Cyber threats including data breaches across various commercial industries and non-classified government networks. 

The GW team is requested to build a series of views and host AI/ML models as a comprehensive analytics asset to predict and quantify like areas of data breaches and recommend action to agency leadership. This asset’s technical design should include multiple AI/ML models to recognize key patterns in the provided cyber threat data to classify incidents into distinct categories for agency assessment and response planning along with the summarization of incident details across entities as inferred classes or NLP/NLU generated outputs. 

The Cyber Threat Recon Asset’s generated intelligence will provide DoD user group levels to recommend strategic action across the various analytical views tailored for specific agency personas. The team has been provided access to a compilation of data from various sources detailing data breaches. These sources include press reports, government news releases, and mainstream news articles. The list includes those involving the theft or compromise of 30,000 or more records, although many smaller breaches occur continually. In addition, the various methods used in the breaches are listed, with hacking being the most common. 

Organizations of all types and sizes are susceptible to data breaches, which can have devastating consequences. This dataset can help shed light on which organizations are most at risk and how these breaches occur so that steps can be taken to prevent them in the future.
